(IAC-1111) - Reaching out to the IAC Team (#174)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2021-01-22-reaching-out.md

---
layout: post
title: "2021-01-22: Reaching the IAC Team"
author: pmcmaw
categories:
  - team
tags:
  - community
  - reviews
  - modules
  - windows
  - communication
---
## Reaching the IAC Team ![hello]({% link /assets/2021-01-22-reaching-out/hello.png %}){:height="40px" width="40px"}

> To improve collaboration and avoid issues falling through the cracks, we have collected information on all the ways to get in contact with us. Whether this be to review a PR, highlight a nasty bug or really for any other reason, let us know what we did well, and what we need to do better.

Reviewer: Feel free to ignore suggestion:

```suggestion
To improve collaboration and avoid issues falling through the cracks, we have collected information on all the ways to get in contact with us. Whether this be to review a PR, highlight a nasty bug or for any other reason, let us know what we did well and what we need to do better.
```

## Monday is Community Day ![slack]({% link /assets/2021-01-22-reaching-out/calendar.png %}){:height="30px" width="30px"}

> Yes, that's right! The whole team dedicates a full day to you every week. Every Monday we go over pull requests, releases, new issues and anything else module related.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, that's right! The whole team dedicates a full day to you every week. Every Monday we go over pull requests, releases, new issues and anything else module and tooling related.
```

## Reaching out via Slack ![slack]({% link /assets/2021-01-22-reaching-out/slack.png %}){:height="45px" width="45px"}

As part of Community Monday, we have weekly office hours on Monday 1.00pm and 5.00pm GMT alternating each week. Check the [calendar](https://puppet.com/community/office-hours) for the events in your timezone. Join #office-hours on our [community-slack](https://puppetcommunity.slack.com). Between these hours the IAC team will be online and can chat about anything module related and much more!

Outside the office hours, some of us hang out in #forge-modules and #testing on our [community-slack](https://puppetcommunity.slack.com). Even if nobody from the team is around, other community members might be able to help.

**Use the ![sos]({% link /assets/2021-01-22-reaching-out/sos.gif %}){:height="50px" width="50px"}
 emoji on urgent issues that require the attention of a puppet employee.**

## Reaching out via Jira ![bug]({% link /assets/2021-01-22-reaching-out/bug.png %}){:height="40px" width="40px"}

> When you come across an issue with one of our supported modules and want to raise an issue, in order for to it to come directly to us there are a few things we would doing first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you come across an issue with one of our supported modules and want to raise an issue, we'll need you to do these things first:
```

1) Confirm this issue hasn't already been raised by using the JIRA search function

2) If the repository has issues enabled, use this instead of JIRA

> Once the above has been confirmed, it is recommended that you complete the following settings in the ticket. This will ensure that our team sees the ticket pretty quick.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the above has been confirmed, it is recommended that you complete the following parameters in the ticket. This will ensure that our team sees the ticket pretty quick.
```
